Create external-identity-policy.md (#15444)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/externalidentitiespolicy-update.md

---
title: "Update externalIdentitiesPolicy"

> description: "Update the properties of an externalIdentitiesPolicy object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Update the settings of the tenant-wide externalIdentitiesPolicy object that controls whether external users can leave an Azure AD tenant via self-service controls."
```

author: "KuiGithui"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update externalIdentitiesPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Update the properties of an [externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the settings of the tenant-wide [externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md) object that controls whether external users can leave an Azure AD tenant via self-service controls.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.ExternalIdentities|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.ReadWrite.ExternalIdentities|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /policies/externalIdentitiesPolicy
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

[!INCLUDE [table-intro](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval|Boolean|The setting will inform AAD that cleanup of the external identities user information stored within the local tenant should be deleted (or not) when the user is deleted in their home directory. Required.|
> |allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave|Boolean|The setting will inform AAD whether allow or restrict external identities to leave the tenant.If set to false, self service is not enabled, and therefore admin will need to manually perform the clean up. Required.|

Reviewer: Aligning with the descriptions in the properties table
```suggestion
|allowDeletedIdentitiesDataRemoval|Boolean|Notifies Azure AD whether to clean up the user information about the external identity, from the guest tenant, when the user is deleted in their home tenant. Required.|
|allowExternalIdentitiesToLeave|Boolean|Notifies Azure AD whether to clean up the user information about the external identity, from the guest tenant, when the user is deleted in their home tenant. Required.|
```

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Examples

> ## Example 1: Update or set external identity not to leave tenant.

Reviewer: You have only 1 example, so no need for this.
```suggestion
```

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "update_externalidentitiespolicy"
}
-->
``` http

> PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/policies/externalidentitiespolicy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATCH https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/policies/externalIdentitiesPolicy
```

---
title: "Update externalIdentitiesPolicy"
description: "Update the properties of an externalIdentitiesPolicy object."
author: "KuiGithui"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Update externalIdentitiesPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Update the properties of an [externalIdentitiesPolicy](../resources/externalidentitiespolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Policy.ReadWrite.ExternalIdentities|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Policy.ReadWrite.ExternalIdentities|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PATCH /policies/externalIdentitiesPolicy
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body

> [!INCLUDE [In the request body, supply the values for relevant fields that should be updated. Existing properties that are not included in the request body will maintain their previous values or be recalculated based on changes to other property values. For best performance, don't include existing values that haven't changed.](../../includes/update-property-table-intro.md)]

Reviewer 2: This text should not be in brackets

Reviewer: +1, this was the cause of the validation error.
